younger sister
Are you afraid
Since Taijun is really willing to protect me
Mr. Ye, you shouldn't have saved me
Did I say that?
Yuhuasan
No one can bully you, it shouldn't be like this
Ye Chen, you shouldn't have saved us
Long Long, do you hurt?
Blame this bastard Shanlin
He provoked me to kill you
Uh-huh.
Lin Shuang
Divorce
divorce
Ye Chan
You want to divorce me?
You want to divorce me because of this chaos
Say
You have to pretend to be the victim
You cheated on everyone in the city
One family was reduced to a joke
It's You
You are crazy
Residual faction killing spirit
No, no.
I did nothing wrong.
It's all killing spirits, shut up
It's all your fault
Mr. Ying
You said I would take you to the hospital
That's right.
I didn't say anything wrong.
You killed Linger this time
I want you dead.